resource flow orientation
resource flow orientation


hello! thank you for choosing lake effect bodywork - i’m so looking forward to meeting with you. this is a document to get you oriented to our first session, and how i am orienting toward my practice as a whole.


i am offering bodywork as a way to support myself financially, and as a way to support my community and great salt lake in the unpaid organizing and facilitating i do.
rather than being a for-profit business, i am trying a needs based resource flow model that is a bit different than a typical transaction/exchange model and am inviting you into this experiment.


i intend to be as transparent as possible with my financial needs in order to co-hold meeting them with the community of clients i work with. i intend to use the resources that flow towards me to be of benefit to my queer/trans and organizing community and to keep these resources local wherever possible. (ie grocery shopping at the local co-op and small stores when possible, supporting local businesses/vendors/artists to meet other day to day needs).


to this end, charging $125 for a typical 75 minute session is what would be deeply supportive to my life. i am willing to negotiate this cost based on need - at this point at the start of my practice i have a limited number of sessions available for a lower and/or trade rate. trading for material things such as food, skilled house/truck/bicycle maintenance/repair, etc. is what would be most supportive in this realm at this time.


if a small group of clients can pay the full rate, this will support me in continuing to offer my work, and offering lower cost bodywork to my community. this amounts to around 22-26 sessions total per month i’m in town (approximately 8 months a year). if you are able to offer more than this rate, it helps me meet my needs and lower the cost for those who can’t afford the full rate.
session costs
75 minutes hands on - $125
90 minutes hands on - $150
120 minutes hands on - $200




i’m going to try this model for one year and i have a support team who is going to help me quarterly to check in, assess how it’s going and see what needs to change going forward. it’s my intention to offer something that works for you and for myself - thank you for being a part of the beginning of this journey with me!


session orientation
session orientation


i’m so looking forward to hosting you in my home for your massage! 
the address is 314 e herbert avenue, salt lake city, 84111 - a few blocks west of liberty park.
the house has a pride flag out front, and is right on the alley.
my phone number is (720) 539-0188. feel free to call or text if you have any questions!


there is a gravel parking spot you can use on the east side of the house that you can access from the alley. you’re also welcome to park along the street. please come to the back door and knock and i’ll let you in. there is a flight of stairs to get down to the studio - please let me know if you have accessibility needs around this beforehand and we can make a plan together. 


the time we have booked is for the hands-on portion of the massage. please plan for 15-35 minutes more than this for our time together for check in, transitions, and integration/departure time. before we begin the massage we will discuss what our backend time is to make sure we both know what time we need to finish. 


i encourage you to give yourself ample time to arrive and not rush, as this can help to settle in to receiving bodywork. that said, life happens and if you’re a little late that’s ok! please text me if possible if this is the case.

when you arrive, i like to invite a spacious check in at the beginning to get to know each other, hear how you’re doing, what you’re looking for in the session, and allow our nervous systems to land and slow down before we begin. 
we will also handle payment at this time so when you leave you can stay in the relaxed massage headspace. this also ensures that when we are exchanging resources, you can be in full consent, as the end of a massage can sometimes be a bit of an altered state. one note: tips are very welcome, and not necessary - the rate i charge is modeled to be enough without needing to rely on tips. 


depending on the kind of massage we are doing, after we check in i will leave the room and you will be invited to undress to your level of comfort. you will always be draped with a sheet, and there is a table warmer to keep you cozy. with some sessions, such as shiatsu and visceral manipulation you will remain clothed the whole time.


at the end of our hands on time i’ll exit and you’ll get dressed. we’ll have time to talk about any questions you have, and discuss anything that came up for you or is on your heart - i’m here to listen and hold space. all of your emotions are so very welcome. my intention is to offer a sanctuary for healing of body, heart, and spirit. 


you might consider giving yourself the gift of a walk in the park, or some restful time after our session to integrate our work together. lots of water and wholesome food are beautiful supports for after a session.
what to bring:
* water to hydrate before and after the session
* loose fitting, comfy clothing
* cash if possible! venmo, zelle, or check is an option and cash is very much preferred




community organizing
community organizing
if you’re curious about what your resources will support when you work with me, here is a gathering of the unpaid organizing i do. much of my work centers on gathering community and embodying cultural change through offering free spaces where anyone is welcome in order to build relationships with other people, the places and watersheds where we live, and the more than human world. i spend dozens of hours every month working behind the scenes on all of these projects.


4+ years of writing and organizing with lakewords collaborative, which i currently consider my life’s work. over the years we have distributed well over 1,000 copies of handmade books about great salt lake. we’ve also hosted community launch parties and helped produce a dance film about the lake called lake bodies. through our books and events we’ve invited countless people into the great salt lake movement, turning hearts and attention to the vital center of our bioregion.


2+ years of co-hosting and doing the administrative labor for queer poetry night - an ongoing monthly free open mic at our local bookstore, under the umbrella. this is a liberative space for the queer and trans community that we co-create for poets to come together and share their work and be together. each month we have about half newcomers and half regulars and over the years have built a beautiful community space. each year i write a grant to fund having asl interpreters present at all our events (thank you project rainbow!)


1+ year of co-organizing and co-facilitating lake time. lake time is an intentional gathering for deep listening and care practices where we connect to place, make art, eat food, find silence, co-create new futures, embrace the waves, question time, expand our dreaming, embody the exhale, explore the emergent, become many-bodied, and enter the portals offered to us by great salt lake. every second sunday we meet at black rock (or sometimes other surprise places) and see what happens when we come together at the lakeshore.


4+ years of co-organizing and/or co-facilitating the great salt lake vigil. i am one of the two ritual tenders for the annual vigil and twice a week during the utah legislative session i co-facilitated community practices at the capitol - walking the waves, and celebrate the species. 
we gather community to create lake-facing culture through participatory art. we demonstrate love for great salt lake in order to make the movement beautiful and irresistible. everyone is invited!
note for transparency - there is sometimes a small stipend for this work (thank you making waves artist collaborative!) in 2026 i received $740 for my work with the vigil and immediately put the entirety of this to pay for a nine month politicized grief ritual leadership training.
financial transparency
financial transparency
i offer this level of transparency as part of this experiment to help you be in your own discernment about where to flow your resources. my intention is to be clear on where the resources you give to me will go, to connect on a level deeper than what many of us are used to with more capitalist models of transaction/exchange and profit. 
these are my estimated costs for the next year, based off my averages from the last several years. i try to keep my expenses minimal and simple. i’m very fortunate to have low housing costs and strive to use the time this saves me from working to give back to my community and be in a season of life of extended meditation retreat practice. i currently spend over a month a year in silent retreat, and i bring this practice into my bodywork and my organizing.
basic material needs
	monthly
	yearly
	retreat practice, education, facilitator training
	monthly
	yearly
	water bill
	100
	1,200
	transportation for retreat
	58
	700
	house tending/repair
	175
	2,100
	ongoing practice/meditation retreat/grief ritual costs
	250
	3000
	food
	300
	3,600
	travel costs
	63
	750
	

	

	

	books
	13
	150
	

	

	

	rooted, resourced, ready weekly cohort
	50
	600
	medical and body care
	monthly
	yearly
	life tending
	monthly
	yearly
	medicine
	100
	1200
	household items
	42
	500
	doctor/body care
	167
	2000
	clothing
	17
	200
	eye doctor, glasses/contacts
	50
	600
	taxes
	29
	350
	

	

	

	cat food and care
	50
	600
	

	

	

	unexpected costs
	42
	500
	transportation
	monthly
	yearly
	massage expenses
	monthly
	yearly
	truck and rental insurance
	115
	1380
	visceral manipulation continuing education
	108
	1300
	gas
	125
	1500
	massage equipment
	13
	150
	car registration, maintenance
	92
	1100
	massage admin expenses (licensing costs, website, additional continuing education etc.)
	33
	400
	bicycle repair, maintenance
	25
	300
	massage insurance
	19
	230
	total
	monthly
	yearly
	

	

	

	

	2,034
	24,410
	

	

	

	in the effort to be radically transparent, i want to note that i am able to engage with this experimental model because i have a safety net of savings. my intention is to give you clear information to help you be in your own embodied discernment of how much feels good to give for a session to help me meet my material needs, based on each of our economic situations.


i have a roth ira retirement fund of $73,000 that has built over a decade from my former career as a professional skier and contributions from my parents. these funds are not available until 2055 without significant tax penalties, so they are a last resort and it is my intention not to dip into this fund for the foreseeable future.


i truly hope to meet my needs through this bodywork practice (and occasional side gigs like babysitting, cooking for group gatherings/retreats, and offering facilitation) and am fully oriented to making this dream a reality. that said, i have the privilege of this cushion and can fall back on these savings if this experiment doesn’t work and my immediate financial needs aren’t met.